the Internet
is ruining our hands from most
things other than the keyboard
and iPhones research
so the attack dole experience of
life
i think is suffering a bit in
the face
the internet be people or to
white
to French it's affected
especially people and
anyone younger 20
to pension can came read
compared
right in entire life just
push a button and letter comes
curious
type words so
was not the typewriters had
never been around but do some
point in your life where you
would write a letter to someone
by
that this doesn't help about how
it might affect
in 20 for the universe there's
always been pictures asap
my favorite player worked there
is no substitute
from looking at Sep
I don't know anybody no matter
how many pictures of saturn HC
who apart looking through a
telescope with your own eyes
at Saturn hints pics dozen
have their drawer drop
and who's not otherwise transfer
your by expert so
me to still bring people to tell
spoken telescopes to people
but the internet gets them
fluent
even partially fluent about
the universe would exist within
it so that now they have the
occasion to go to settle through
a telescope
want to do it cool